Setup best practices directory with example Avoid Depends On practice (#32570)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/best-practices/best_practices.adoc

There are many scenarios where how to best use Gradle is unclear, as Gradle provides several ways of accomplishing the same goals.
Often there is a need to determine if a current solution is likely to cause problems down the line, or if problems could have been avoided in advance by using Gradle differently.
This guide aims to help Gradle authors navigate these scenarios and make informed decisions about how to use Gradle effectively.

=== What this Guide Is

This section outlines best practices for authoring Gradle builds that are maintainable, function properly, and are aligned with Gradle's core design philosophy.
Some of these practices are things to do, and some are things to avoid doing.

This guide is informed by real-world experience in some of the largest software ecosystems using Gradle.
It targets all levels of Gradle expertise, from beginners to advanced users.
Not every practice here will be applicable to every build, however these are meant to be widely applicable and beneficial to many different usage scenarios.

This guide is **not** meant as instructions for how to use Gradle.

> For that purpose, we provide extensive tutorials and reference materials <<getting_started_eng.html,elsewhere>> in the Gradle documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that purpose, we provide extensive tutorials and reference materials <<getting_started_eng.adoc#introduction,elsewhere>> in the Gradle documentation.
```
